README.md, before:

# Twitter API

Simple API practice using ruby and twitter to view tweets and amount of retweets by any user.

![Image of screenshot](public/img/screenshot.png)

### Prerequisites

Web browser with ES6 compatibility
Examples: Chrome, Safari

Ruby
Bundler

### Installing

You can clone this repository to your machine, navigate to the file path in your terminal, and run 'app.rb' by typing '$ruby app.rb'. If you chose to clone the repository, after you run 'app.rb' you will need to copy the localhost path into your web browser. The standard localhost for Sinatra is port 4567

## Built With

* Twitter
* Ruby
* Sinatra
* HTML
* CSS
* Bootstrap https://getbootstrap.com/
* ES6
* Jquery https://jquery.com/


## Authors

* Grady L Shelton

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) Grady L Shelton 2017

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

add installation instructions for postgres and activerecord

README.md, after:

# Twitter API

Simple API practice using ruby and twitter to view tweets and amount of retweets by any user.

![Image of screenshot](public/img/screenshot.png)

### Prerequisites

Web browser with ES6 compatibility
Examples: Chrome, Safari

Ruby
Bundler

### Installing

Clone this repo by typing into the terminal:
```
$ git clone https://github.com/gravytates/twitter_api.git
```

In a new terminal window, start postgres in the background:
```
$ postgres
```

Navigate to this project directory in the terminal. Then type:
```
$ rake db:schema:load
```

In a new terminal tab, start the sinatra server by typing:
```
$ruby app.rb
```
Sinatra will now make this project available in your browser by going to localhost:4567.

## Built With

* Twitter
* Ruby
* Sinatra
* HTML
* CSS
* Bootstrap https://getbootstrap.com/
* ES6
* Jquery https://jquery.com/


## Authors

* Grady L Shelton

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) Grady L Shelton 2017

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
